I took gmt is an Israeli footballer who
has been playing in Spain since 2011 and that already adds up
more than 100 games played in the
best league in the world like so many children
jémez emerged from neighborhood football and
13 years old, a large team from his country
the maccabi haifa signed him
in the Hebrew country soccer is still
an emerging sport living with the
basketball a very popular discipline
for many years
people like soccer a lot and I
I think it's the first sport for all
the people the truth that
as a sixth is worth we have no more
titles like maccabi tel aviv that
everyone knows but people nest the max
football
and how many good teams and have they done
as well
they played in champions
but
we just need to do something with our
selection
submerge goal landed in the bbva league in
June 2011 to sign for the
mallorca and after playing
four years in the maccabi haifa
a few seasons in the soccer elite
Israeli who was used to acquire
enough experience to be able
face this adventure in the demanding
Spanish league that goals and had met
your child's dream
moving inside the auction
and so all the level players
The dream is to play in the league as in Spain
or england
each player and kailey
have the opportunity to play in the
line of spain for me first in the
last three years in power this dream
in the front of my face
my eyes have been three years with much
personal work to be prepared and
in the end
as I say to Spain in the last year
we have done good seasons with brands
of ipad with champions
striker scored penalty its
first goals in the league bbva in the
and the fourth round tie two of
Majorca in Pamplona
that first season of the Israeli
would score eight goals and in the second eleven
that recognizes me that it cost me to adapt
the demanding style of Spanish football
when I get more
I thought there are many differences the
rhythm is something different from the first
months in training
for me
very difficult the quality of the players
with the ball I have seen that I have to follow
to work much much more than in Israel
after three years in mallorca and a decline
of category would reach the call of the
almería that I was looking at last summer
by the Andalusian club with the idea of
return to its best level and
thus become a benchmark
Atletico attack the Real and knows what
complicated that is for any team
stay in first division and
recognizes that work is the key to
success
first we plan to continue first
division we do not think other things clear
that we make good matches at the beginning
of the season but we also do not think
too far we just think every
party that we have to do
we work very hard every day
we are a team with players that do not
we know that the first one we have to
work and fight and in the end when I
we make the results also come
good for us
tomer gmt is a strong powerful attacker
worker and with a lot of character
the forward dominates the passing game and is
a good auctioneer though his 9 of
reference is also very mobile
other of its characteristics are the
quality intelligence for the
uncheck and sacrifice in the labors
defensive goals that goal has always had
as a great reference to the Brazilian
ronaldo nazario
for me
ronaldo the Brazilian
well
his years in Barcelona I do not know how many
years
but for me he is the best striker in
all the
of my life and I have seen
for me this
great in the absence of joy the
poor crowns the auction of chilean time m
with 27 years and in full maturity
soccer tomer gmt is
starring a great season in the
almeria
the Israeli striker hopes to continue
scoring hopes to continue enjoying the
best league in the world and of course
hopes to help the Andalusians
stay in the bbva league